tuna a warm-blooded powerful and
intelligent with a good sense of smell
and good eyesight when they team up with
dolphins to hunt no other predators can
compete
turtles much slower I just passes by
here the fish here the dolphins and tuna
coming and become a whirling tornado
fishermen call it a bait ball
in less than an hour the bait ball is
devoured too bad for the slower silky
sharks
on land Paxil prides are never on this
scale
but when one land predator comes to hunt
here it is on an industrial scale
this yellowfin tuna alone justifies the
expense
better still is to catch the fish in
their thousands and sell them for
millions
the next surround the tuna and dolphin
are slowly closed trapping everything
big
so that the tuner can be called dolphin
friendly the Dolphins are helped out of
the nets
everything else is hauled up
including huge manta rays and Marlin
which are thrown back to die
you
there are only 1/4 of the turtles there
were fifty years ago when efforts to
protect them began